Add user guide documentation and dependencies in changelog file (#14)
exasol/elasticsearch-virtual-schema: README.md

[![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Aelasticsearch-virtual-schema&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.exasol%3Aelasticsearch-virtual-schema)
[![Duplicated Lines (%)](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Aelasticsearch-virtual-schema&metric=duplicated_lines_density)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.exasol%3Aelasticsearch-virtual-schema)
[![Lines of Code](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=com.exasol%3Aelasticsearch-virtual-schema&metric=ncloc)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=com.exasol%3Aelasticsearch-virtual-schema)

An implementation of the [ElasticSearchSQL](https://www.elastic.co/what-is/elasticsearch-sql) dialect for the [Exasol Virtual Schema JDBC][virtual-schema-common-jdbc] project.
Use this dialect if you want to create a Virtual Schema based on an ElasticSearch database.

If you want to set up a Virtual Schema for a different database system, please head over to the [Virtual Schemas Repository][virtual-schemas].

## Features

> * Access ElasticSearch database using Virtual Schema.

Author: ```suggestion
* Access an ElasticSearch database from an Exasol database, using Virtual Schema.
```

# ElasticSearch Virtual Schema

> 

Reviewer: add build batches (see other repos)

An implementation of the [ElasticSearchSQL](https://www.elastic.co/what-is/elasticsearch-sql) dialect for the [Exasol Virtual Schema JDBC][virtual-schema-common-jdbc] project.
Use this dialect if you want to create a Virtual Schema based on an ElasticSearch database.

If you want to set up a Virtual Schema for a different database system, please head over to the [Virtual Schemas Repository][virtual-schemas].

## Features

> * Access an ElasticSearch database using a Virtual Schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Access data from an ElasticSearch database just like regular Exasol tables.
```
